wait what happens with Maurice de
At the moment what seems to be the clearest are the
possible exits that you have taken care of and that
action
goal by luca
who signs the first goal of the real
madrid 2012-2013 does it at 8 minutes
of party in the carlos tartiere in that
value in depth to which he ran
it did not come out because of the dean and neighborhood that was
waiting
to the resolution of that play to see what
happened maybe he could have left his
goal to derail that action but
he ended up solving with that shot
adjusted lucas vázquez
taking advantage of a great pass from Ivan
gonzález from the defense
Well, the first of the real
madrid in this preseason
he scores it lucas vázquez is the 0-1 front
to the real oviedo
the 0-2 in the minute 39 score of the
first part real oviedo 0 real madrid
two
there we see once again the action of
tcheryshev
the second goal of Real Madrid
and a goal with certain morbid because I already
we have said
Denis is the son
from tcheryshev who played five seasons
in the sporting of Gijón
Dennis himself has played in the
lower categories of sporting
and it is by all known and more the
rivalry between
the molinón set and the one
Tartiere care of love until it goes
to paste it gets out dan and bar in what
goes on match for the set of jose
mourinho for now none for the
oviedo to iván lucas vázquez bicicleteada
within the area
the value I was looking for barn and
final the own goal
that they do not even celebrate the players
targets in one action at most
unfortunate for the real oviedo
well so the third only two minutes
after
of the goal of chelís
0 3 arrives for the Real Madrid goal in
own door there we will see it after
a great action, everything has to be said-
lucas vázquez there goes from juanpa
and notice what happens
candela clears
the ball in paschal and is introduced
directly at the goal of dani neighborhood
the 03 for the real madrid that is
combining this first one
pre - season meeting
he tries now the real oviedo through
d
he got that ball
raffled jesus fernandez and just had
have to push it between the three poles
It seemed easy but maybe it was not so much the
In the end, he ended up checking to
reduce distances to make him fit
to Real Madrid the first goal
the preseason after this
disfavor behind Raphael's faulty
varanne
and that which seriously compromises your
goalkeeper jesús fernández and whoever
gives the possibility to kill martins of
reduce distances with the 13th first goal
of this second half
arrives in the 52 it marks martins for
add fear
the gift I will
of angel di maría taking advantage of a
clamorous I miss a blunder of
danny neighborhood that wanted to bargain before the
noodle and mariano but did not snatch
the ball and ended up returning the
Three goals advantage to your team
and we're going to see the forwarding of
luciano bona
and life gets complicated in what way they go
and neighborhood that we have not said along
of the first half had been stellar
in a lot of actions avoiding goals
who seemed delighted but here has
committed one of those bulk errors
that the goalkeepers probably do not
they let the night sleep too comfortable
post -match in any case and
fortunately this is a friendly so
bani neighborhood
this has to serve as a lesson in
face to the season simply neither
you have to make more fire an error like that
jandrín one of the pearls of
m
I did not deserve
because I had done
a uniquely exceptional control
the wayne vaseline critical in him
riveting the play angel di Maria for
the 15